Update manager installation by sources with the latest changes of VD (#7316)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deployment-options/wazuh-from-sources/wazuh-server/index.rst

      # ./install.sh

>    The initial run might be time-consuming due to the initial process of downloading and processing the :doc:`vulnerability detection </user-manual/capabilities/vulnerability-detection/index>` content. In order to bypass this initial step, you can set ``DOWNLOAD_CONTENT=y`` and a pre-prepared database will be downloaded during the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The initial run might take some time as it downloads and processes the :doc:`vulnerability detection </user-manual/capabilities/vulnerability-detection/index>` content. To speed up this process, you can set the ``DOWNLOAD_CONTENT`` environment variable to ``y`` beforehand. The adjusted command downloads a pre-prepared database during installation.
```
